Update kuberay mcad integration doc (#1373)
ray-project/kuberay: docs/guidance/kuberay-with-MCAD.md

## Use case

MCAD allows you to deploy Ray cluster with a guarantee that sufficient resources are available in the cluster prior to actual pod creation in the Kubernetes cluster. It supports features such as:

- Integrates with upstream Kubernetes scheduling stack for features such co-scheduling, Packing on GPU dimension etc.
- Ability to wrap any Kubernetes objects.

> - Increases control plane stability by JIT (Just-in Time) object creation.

Reviewer: Out of curiosity, would you mind explaining this feature?

Author: @asm582 may explain this JIT better.
My understanding is mcad creating object only when there is enough resource. In other words, there will not be any pending pods so the control plane stability is improved.

Author: My other thought would be, Mcad when paired the InstaScale operator can auto scale out enough k8s worker nodes to run a job and scales down afterwards; This kinda fits the Just in time concept of allocating right amount resources on the assembly line to complete a task; in order to reduce inventory and cost.

Reviewer 2: Yep that's about right! MCAD will not create the underlying Ray resources until there are enough resources to schedule the pod. If InstaScale is enabled, InstaScale will scale up new nodes on your cluster -> MCAD will schedule Ray resources onto new nodes -> Ray Cluster runes -> Once Ray Cluster context is finished and appwrapper is deleted, InstaScale deletes nodes. At no point will there be pending pods/services/routes etc. on your cluster

- Support for multiple Kubernetes clusters; dispatching jobs to any one of a number of Kubernetes clusters.

> In order to queue Ray cluster(s) and `gang dispatch` them when aggregated resources are available please refer to the setup [KubeRay-MCAD integration](https://github.com/IBM/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher/blob/quota-management/doc/usage/examples/kuberay/kuberay-mcad.md) on a Kubernetes Cluster or an OpenShift Cluster.

Reviewer 2: This url should be updated to refer to the CodeFlare repository instead of `IBM`

> For OpenShift Cluster, the MCAD and KubeRay are already part of CodeFlare stack which provides a simple, user-friendly abstraction for scaling, queuing and resource management of distributed AI/ML and Python workloads. Please follow the Quick Start in the [Distributed Workloads](https://github.com/opendatahub-io/distributed-workloads) for installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On OpenShift,  MCAD and KubeRay are already part of the Open Data Hub Distributed Workload Stack. The stack provides a simple, user-friendly abstraction for scaling, queuing and resource management of distributed AI/ML and Python workloads. Please follow the Quick Start in the [Distributed Workloads](https://github.com/opendatahub-io/distributed-workloads) for installation.
```

## Submitting KubeRay cluster to MCAD

> Let's create two Ray clusters with the AppWrapper custom resource on the same Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create two RayCluster custom resources with the AppWrapper custom resource on the same Kubernetes cluster.
```

> - Assuming you have installed all the pre-requisites mentioned in the [KubeRay-MCAD integration](https://github.com/IBM/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher/blob/quota-management/doc/usage/examples/kuberay/kuberay-mcad.md), we submit the first Ray cluster with the AppWrapper CR [aw-raycluster.yaml](https://github.com/IBM/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher/blob/quota-management/doc/usage/examples/kuberay/config/aw-raycluster.yaml):

Reviewer 2: Fix IBM references to be CodeFlare

> - Assuming you have installed all the pre-requisites mentioned in the [KubeRay-MCAD integration](https://github.com/IBM/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher/blob/quota-management/doc/usage/examples/kuberay/kuberay-mcad.md), we submit the first Ray cluster with the AppWrapper CR [aw-raycluster.yaml](https://github.com/IBM/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher/blob/quota-management/doc/usage/examples/kuberay/config/aw-raycluster.yaml):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assuming you have installed all the pre-requisites mentioned in the [KubeRay-MCAD integration](https://github.com/IBM/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher/blob/quota-management/doc/usage/examples/kuberay/kuberay-mcad.md), we submit the first RayCluster with the AppWrapper CR [aw-raycluster.yaml](https://github.com/IBM/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher/blob/quota-management/doc/usage/examples/kuberay/config/aw-raycluster.yaml):
```

  ```bash
  kubectl create -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/project-codeflare/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher/quota-management/doc/usage/examples/kuberay/config/aw-raycluster.yaml
  ```
  Check Appwrapper status
  ```
  kubectl describe  appwrapper raycluster-complete -n default
  ```

  Expect:
  ```

>   Status:

Reviewer: Which field users should focus on? I cannot understand the "expectation" here.

      Last Transition Micro Time:  2023-08-29T02:50:18.842010Z
      Last Update Micro Time:      2023-08-29T02:50:18.842010Z
      Reason:                      FrontOfQueue.
      Status:                      True
      Type:                        HeadOfLine
      Last Transition Micro Time:  2023-08-29T02:50:18.902379Z
      Last Update Micro Time:      2023-08-29T02:50:18.902379Z
      Reason:                      AppWrapperRunnable
      Status:                      True
      Type:                        Dispatched
    Controllerfirsttimestamp:      2023-08-29T02:50:18.829462Z
    Filterignore:                  true
    Queuejobstate:                 Dispatched
    Sender:                        before manageQueueJob - afterEtcdDispatching
    State:                         Running
  Events:                          <none>
  (base) asmalvan@mcad-dev:~/mcad-kuberay$ kubectl get pod -n default
  NAME                                           READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
  raycluster-complete-head-9s4x5                 1/1     Running   0          47s
  raycluster-complete-worker-small-group-4s6jv   1/1     Running   0          47s
  ```

> - As seen the cluster is dispatched and pods are running. Let's submit another Ray cluster with AppWrapper CR and see it queued without creating pending pods using the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As seen the cluster is dispatched and Pods are running. Let's submit another RayCluster with AppWrapper CR and see it queued without creating pending Pods using the command:
```

  ```bash
  kubectl create -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/project-codeflare/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher/quota-management/doc/usage/examples/kuberay/config/aw-raycluster-1.yaml

  # check the raycluster-complete-1 appwrapper
  kubectl describe  appwrapper raycluster-complete-1 -n default

>   ``````

Reviewer: "``````" -> "```"

  Expect
  ```

>   Status:

Reviewer: Which fields should users focus on?

      Last Transition Micro Time:  2023-08-29T17:39:08.406452Z
      Last Update Micro Time:      2023-08-29T17:39:08.406451Z
      Reason:                      AwaitingHeadOfLine
      Status:                      True
      Type:                        Queueing
      Last Transition Micro Time:  2023-08-29T17:39:08.423208Z
      Last Update Micro Time:      2023-08-29T17:39:08.423208Z
      Reason:                      FrontOfQueue.
      Status:                      True
      Type:                        HeadOfLine
      Last Transition Micro Time:  2023-08-29T17:39:08.439753Z
      Last Update Micro Time:      2023-08-29T17:39:08.439753Z
      Message:                     Insufficient resources to dispatch AppWrapper.
      Reason:                      AppWrapperNotRunnable.
      Status:                      True
      Type:                        Backoff
    Controllerfirsttimestamp:      2023-08-29T17:39:08.406399Z
    Filterignore:                  true
    Queuejobstate:                 Backoff
    Sender:                        before [backoff] - Rejoining
    State:                         Pending
  Events:                          <none>
  ```

>   As seen the second Ray cluster is queued with no pending pods created.

Reviewer: Every user allocates different CPU/memory resources to their Kubernetes clusters. If a user possesses a high-end workstation, would the RayCluster still be queued?

Author: No likely won't be queue. My cluster has only has 16 cpus with some overhead already allocated so the 2nd AW queued. If the high-end workstation has 16+ cpus, the 2nd AppWrapper may not go over total allocatable cpus.

Reviewer: We should provide a clear example so users can consistently reproduce the expected behavior across all environments.

Reviewer: Could you also explain when MCAD creates the RayCluster CR (e.g., 5 CPUs)? Without this information, it's difficult for users to understand how MCAD operates.

Author: @kevin85421 I have added more commits. Do you think these 2 comments have been addressed ?
